Add release notes guideline to contributors guide (#4274)
kubernetes/community: contributors/guide/release-notes.md

slug: "release-notes"
---

On the kubernetes/kubernetes repository, release notes are required for any pull

> request with user-visible changes, such as bug-fixes, feature additions, and

Reviewer: Nit: "bug fixes" or "bugfixes", not "bug-fixes".

output format changes. Release notes are the most important source when users
install or upgrade to a particular release of Kubernetes. They are not primarily
intended to be consumed by contributors of Kubernetes, because they probably use
the PRs associated with a particular release.

## Does my pull request need a release note?

Any user- or admin-visible change qualifies for a release note. This could be a:

- CLI change
- API change
- UI change
- configuration schema change
- behavioral change
- change in non-functional attributes such as efficiency or availability,
  availability of a new platform
- a warning about a deprecation
- fix of a previous _Known Issue_
- fix of a vulnerability (CVE)

No release notes are required for changes to:

- tests
- build infrastructure
- fixes of bugs which have not been released
- fixes of minor bugs
- incomplete or inaccessible features

## Content of a Release Note

A release note needs a clear, concise description of the change. This includes:

> 1. an indicator if it was _Added_, _Changed_, _Fixed_, _Removed_, _Deprecated_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. an indicator if the pull request _Added_, _Changed_, _Fixed_, _Removed_, _Deprecated_ functionality
```

>    or changed in terms of maturity (alpha, beta, stable)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   or changed enhancement/feature maturity (alpha, beta, stable)
```

2. an indicator if there is user _Action required_
3. the name of the affected API or configuration fields, CLI commands/flags or

>    feature

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   enhancement/feature
```

> 4. a link to relevant user documentation about the feature

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. a link to relevant user documentation about the enhancement/feature
```
